LICENSE.md
MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.py
Simba_UW_tf_dev.egg-info/PKG-INFO
Simba_UW_tf_dev.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
Simba_UW_tf_dev.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
Simba_UW_tf_dev.egg-info/entry_points.txt
Simba_UW_tf_dev.egg-info/requires.txt
Simba_UW_tf_dev.egg-info/top_level.txt
simba/.DS_Store
simba/BENTO_appender.py
simba/BORIS_appender.py
simba/Directing_animals_analyzer.py
simba/Directing_animals_visualizer.py
simba/Directing_animals_visualizer_mp.py
simba/FSTTC_calculator.py
simba/Kleinberg_calculator.py
simba/ROI_analyzer.py
simba/ROI_directing_analyzer.py
simba/ROI_feature_analyzer.py
simba/ROI_feature_visualizer.py
simba/ROI_feature_visualizer_mp.py
simba/ROI_movement_analyzer.py
simba/ROI_plot_new.py
simba/ROI_plotter_mp.py
simba/ROI_reset.py
simba/ROI_time_bin_calculator.py
simba/SimBA.py
simba/SimBA_dash_app.py
simba/Validate_model_one_video_run_clf.py
simba/__init__.py
simba/calculate_px_dist.py
simba/classifications_per_ROI.py
simba/clf_validator.py
simba/concatenator_pop_up.py
simba/create_clf_log.py
simba/create_project_pop_up.py
simba/dash_app.py
simba/dash_simba.css
simba/data_plotter.py
simba/deepethogram_importer.py
simba/distance_plotter.py
simba/distance_plotter_mp.py
simba/dlc_multi_animal_importer.py
simba/drop_bp_cords.py
simba/enums.py
simba/ethovision_import.py
simba/extract_frames_fast.py
simba/extract_seqframes.py
simba/ez_lineplot.py
simba/frame_mergerer_ffmpeg.py
simba/gantt_creator.py
simba/gantt_creator_mp.py
simba/get_coordinates_tools_v2.py
simba/heat_mapper_clf.py
simba/heat_mapper_clf_mp.py
simba/heat_mapper_location.py
simba/heat_mapper_location_mp.py
simba/import_mars.py
simba/import_trk.py
simba/import_videos_csv_project_ini.py
simba/interpolate_pose.py
simba/interpolate_smooth_post_hoc.py
simba/labelling_advanced_interface.py
simba/labelling_aggression.py
simba/labelling_interface.py
simba/machine_model_settings_pop_up.py
simba/misc_tools.py
simba/misc_visualizations.py
simba/movement_processor.py
simba/multi_cropper.py
simba/path_plotter.py
simba/path_plotter_mp.py
simba/play_annotation_video.py
simba/plot_pose_in_dir.py
simba/plotly_create_h5.py
simba/pop_up_classes.py
simba/pose_reset.py
simba/probability_graph_interactive.py
simba/probability_plot_creator.py
simba/probability_plot_creator_mp.py
simba/project_config_creator.py
simba/project_import_tools.py
simba/pup_retrieval_protocol.py
simba/pybursts.py
simba/read_DANNCE_mat.py
simba/read_config_unit_tests.py
simba/remove_keypoints_in_pose.py
simba/reorganize_keypoint_in_pose.py
simba/requirements.txt
simba/reverse_2_animal_tracking.py
simba/reverse_tracking_order.py
simba/run_dash_tkinter.py
simba/run_model_new.py
simba/rw_dfs.py
simba/set_hyperparameters.py
simba/setting_menu.py
simba/severity_processor.py
simba/shap_agg_stats_visualizer.py
simba/sleap_csv_importer.py
simba/sleap_import_new.py
simba/sleap_importer.py
simba/solomon_importer.py
simba/timebins_clf_analyzer.py
simba/timebins_movement_analyzer.py
simba/tkinter_functions.py
simba/train_model_functions.py
simba/train_mutiple_models_from_meta_new.py
simba/train_single_model.py
simba/trk_importer.py
simba/user_pose_config_creator.py
simba/validate_model_on_single_video.py
simba/video_info_table.py
simba/video_processing.py
simba/assets/.DS_Store
simba/assets/TheGoldenLab.PNG
simba/assets/UbuntuMono-Regular.ttf
simba/assets/dash_simba_base.css
simba/assets/icons/.DS_Store
simba/assets/icons/SimBA_logo.ico
simba/assets/icons/horizontal.png
simba/assets/icons/mixed_mosaic.png
simba/assets/icons/mosaic.png
simba/assets/icons/vertical.png
simba/assets/img/about_me.png
simba/assets/img/bg.png
simba/assets/img/splash.png
simba/assets/img/splash.pptx
simba/assets/lookups/.DS_Store
simba/assets/lookups/feature_extraction_headers.csv
simba/assets/lookups/features.csv
simba/assets/lookups/model_names.parquet
simba/assets/shap/.DS_Store
simba/assets/shap/UbuntuMono-Regular.ttf
simba/assets/shap/animal_distances.jpg
simba/assets/shap/baseline_scale.jpg
simba/assets/shap/color_bar.jpg
simba/assets/shap/down_arrow.jpg
simba/assets/shap/intruder_movement.jpg
simba/assets/shap/intruder_shape.jpg
simba/assets/shap/resident_intruder_movement.jpg
simba/assets/shap/resident_intruder_shape.jpg
simba/assets/shap/resident_movement.jpg
simba/assets/shap/resident_shape.jpg
simba/assets/shap/side_scale.jpg
simba/assets/shap/side_scale_5.jpg
simba/assets/shap/ubuntu.regular.ttf
simba/assets/shap/feature_categories/.~lock.shap_feature_categories.csv#
simba/assets/shap/feature_categories/shap_feature_categories.csv
simba/assets/stl/grid_floor.stl
simba/assets/stl/operant_lever.stl
simba/assets/stl/operant_tray.stl
simba/assets/stl/operant_walls.stl
simba/assets/unsupervised/.DS_Store
simba/assets/unsupervised/features.csv
simba/assets/unsupervised/model_names.parquet
simba/batch_process_videos/.DS_Store
simba/batch_process_videos/__init__.py
simba/batch_process_videos/batch_process_create_ffmpeg_commands.py
simba/batch_process_videos/batch_process_menus.py
simba/blob_storage/.DS_Store
simba/bounding_box_tools/.DS_Store
simba/bounding_box_tools/agg_boundary_stats.py
simba/bounding_box_tools/boundary_menus.py
simba/bounding_box_tools/boundary_statistics.py
simba/bounding_box_tools/find_bounderies.py
simba/bounding_box_tools/visualize_boundaries.py
simba/cue_light_tools/.DS_Store
simba/cue_light_tools/__init__.py
simba/cue_light_tools/cue_light_analyzer.py
simba/cue_light_tools/cue_light_clf_statistics.py
simba/cue_light_tools/cue_light_menues.py
simba/cue_light_tools/cue_light_movement_statistics.py
simba/cue_light_tools/cue_light_tools.py
simba/cue_light_tools/cue_light_visualizer.py
simba/feature_extractors/.DS_Store
simba/feature_extractors/__init__.py
simba/feature_extractors/extract_features_9bp.py
simba/feature_extractors/feature_extractor_14bp.py
simba/feature_extractors/feature_extractor_16bp.py
simba/feature_extractors/feature_extractor_4bp.py
simba/feature_extractors/feature_extractor_7bp.py
simba/feature_extractors/feature_extractor_8bp.py
simba/feature_extractors/feature_extractor_8bps_2_animals.py
simba/feature_extractors/feature_extractor_user_defined.py
simba/feature_extractors/unit_tests.py
simba/feature_extractors/.idea/.gitignore
simba/feature_extractors/.idea/.name
simba/feature_extractors/.idea/encodings.xml
simba/feature_extractors/.idea/features_scripts.iml
simba/feature_extractors/.idea/misc.xml
simba/feature_extractors/.idea/modules.xml
simba/feature_extractors/.idea/workspace.xml
simba/feature_extractors/.idea/inspectionProfiles/Project_Default.xml
simba/feature_extractors/.idea/libraries/R_User_Library.xml
simba/feature_extractors/misc/.DS_Store
simba/feature_extractors/misc/add_probability_cnt_features.py
simba/feature_extractors/misc/egocentrical_aligner.py
simba/feature_extractors/misc/fish_feature_extractor.py
simba/feature_extractors/misc/graph_3d_plotter.py
simba/feature_extractors/misc/graph_creator.py
simba/feature_extractors/misc/termite_rois.csv
simba/mixins/.DS_Store
simba/mixins/config_reader.py
simba/mixins/feature_extraction_mixin.py
simba/mixins/pop_up_mixin.py
simba/outlier_tools/.DS_Store
simba/outlier_tools/__init__.py
simba/outlier_tools/outlier_corrector_location.py
simba/outlier_tools/outlier_corrector_movement.py
simba/outlier_tools/skip_outlier_correction.py
simba/outlier_tools/.idea/encodings.xml
simba/outlier_tools/.idea/misc.xml
simba/outlier_tools/.idea/modules.xml
simba/outlier_tools/.idea/outlier_scripts.iml
simba/outlier_tools/.idea/workspace.xml
simba/outlier_tools/.idea/inspectionProfiles/Project_Default.xml
simba/outlier_tools/.idea/libraries/R_User_Library.xml
simba/pose_configurations/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations backup/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations backup/bp_names/bp_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations backup/bp_names/bp_names_new.csv
simba/pose_configurations backup/configuration_names/pose_config_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations backup/configuration_names/pose_config_names_new.csv
simba/pose_configurations backup/no_animals/no_animals.csv
simba/pose_configurations backup/no_animals/no_animals_new.csv
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/0.png
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/1.png
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/10.png
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/11.png
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/2.png
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/3.png
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/4.png
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/5.png
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/6.png
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/7.png
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/8.png
simba/pose_configurations backup/schematics/9.png
simba/pose_configurations/bp_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations/bp_names/bp_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations/configuration_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations/configuration_names/pose_config_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations/no_animals/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations/no_animals/no_animals.csv
simba/pose_configurations/schematics/1.png
simba/pose_configurations/schematics/10.png
simba/pose_configurations/schematics/11.png
simba/pose_configurations/schematics/12.png
simba/pose_configurations/schematics/2.png
simba/pose_configurations/schematics/3.png
simba/pose_configurations/schematics/4.png
simba/pose_configurations/schematics/5.png
simba/pose_configurations/schematics/6.png
simba/pose_configurations/schematics/7.png
simba/pose_configurations/schematics/8.png
simba/pose_configurations/schematics/9.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/bp_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/bp_names/bp_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/configuration_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/configuration_names/pose_config_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/no_animals/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/no_animals/no_animals.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/0.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/1.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/10.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/11.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/2.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/3.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/4.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/5.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/6.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/7.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/8.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_2/schematics/9.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_3/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_3/bp_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_3/bp_names/bp_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_3/configuration_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_3/configuration_names/pose_config_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_3/no_animals/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_3/no_animals/no_animals.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/bp_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/bp_names/bp_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/configuration_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/configuration_names/pose_config_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/no_animals/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/no_animals/no_animals.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/0.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/1.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/10.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/11.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/13.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/2.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/3.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/4.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/5.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/6.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/7.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/8.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_4/schematics/9.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/bp_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/bp_names/bp_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/configuration_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/configuration_names/pose_config_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/no_animals/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/no_animals/no_animals.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/schematics/0.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/schematics/1.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/schematics/10.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/schematics/11.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/schematics/2.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/schematics/3.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/schematics/4.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/schematics/5.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/schematics/6.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/schematics/7.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/schematics/8.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_5/schematics/9.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/bp_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/bp_names/bp_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/configuration_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/configuration_names/pose_config_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/no_animals/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/no_animals/no_animals.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/schematics/0.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/schematics/1.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/schematics/10.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/schematics/11.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/schematics/2.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/schematics/3.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/schematics/4.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/schematics/5.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/schematics/6.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/schematics/7.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/schematics/8.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_6/schematics/9.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/bp_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/bp_names/bp_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/configuration_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/configuration_names/pose_config_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/no_animals/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/no_animals/no_animals.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/schematics/1.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/schematics/10.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/schematics/11.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/schematics/12.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/schematics/2.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/schematics/3.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/schematics/4.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/schematics/5.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/schematics/6.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/schematics/7.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/schematics/8.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_7/schematics/9.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/bp_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/bp_names/bp_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/configuration_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/configuration_names/pose_config_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/no_animals/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/no_animals/no_animals.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/1.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/10.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/11.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/12.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/13.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/2.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/3.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/4.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/5.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/6.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/7.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/8.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_8/schematics/9.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/bp_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/bp_names/bp_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/configuration_names/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/configuration_names/pose_config_names.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/no_animals/.DS_Store
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/no_animals/no_animals.csv
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/1.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/10.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/11.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/12.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/13.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/2.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/3.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/4.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/5.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/6.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/7.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/8.png
simba/pose_configurations_archive/pose_configurations_archive_9/schematics/9.png
simba/roi_tools/ROI_define.py
simba/roi_tools/ROI_image.py
simba/roi_tools/ROI_menus.py
simba/roi_tools/ROI_move_shape.py
simba/roi_tools/ROI_multiply.py
simba/roi_tools/ROI_reset.py
simba/roi_tools/ROI_size_calculations.py
simba/roi_tools/ROI_zoom.py
simba/roi_tools/__init__.py
simba/sklearn_plot/.DS_Store
simba/sklearn_plot/__init__.py
simba/sklearn_plot/plot_clf_results.py
simba/sklearn_plot/plot_clf_results_mp.py
simba/sklearn_plot/.idea/.gitignore
simba/sklearn_plot/.idea/.name
simba/sklearn_plot/.idea/encodings.xml
simba/sklearn_plot/.idea/misc.xml
simba/sklearn_plot/.idea/modules.xml
simba/sklearn_plot/.idea/sklearn_plot_scripts.iml
simba/sklearn_plot/.idea/workspace.xml
simba/sklearn_plot/.idea/inspectionProfiles/Project_Default.xml
simba/sklearn_plot/.idea/libraries/R_User_Library.xml
simba/unsupervised/.DS_Store
simba/unsupervised/cluster_statistics.py
simba/unsupervised/cluster_visualizer.py
simba/unsupervised/data_extractors.py
simba/unsupervised/dataset_creator.py
simba/unsupervised/dbcv.py
simba/unsupervised/hdbscan_clusterer.py
simba/unsupervised/misc.py
simba/unsupervised/pop_up_classes.py
simba/unsupervised/tsne.py
simba/unsupervised/ui_tools.py
simba/unsupervised/umap_embedder.py
simba/unsupervised/unsupervised_ui.py
simba/unsupervised/visualizers.py
simba/unsupervised/visualization_tools/vtk_embeddings.py
simba/utils/.DS_Store
simba/utils/errors.py
simba/utils/lookups.py
simba/utils/warnings.py
simba_old/BENTO_appender.py
simba_old/BORIS_appender.py
simba_old/Directing_animals_analyzer.py
simba_old/Directing_animals_visualizer.py
simba_old/Directing_animals_visualizer_mp.py
simba_old/FSTTC_calculator.py
simba_old/Kleinberg_calculator.py
simba_old/ROI_analyzer.py
simba_old/ROI_directing_analyzer.py
simba_old/ROI_feature_analyzer.py
simba_old/ROI_feature_visualizer.py
simba_old/ROI_feature_visualizer_mp.py
simba_old/ROI_movement_analyzer.py
simba_old/ROI_plot_new.py
simba_old/ROI_plotter_mp.py
simba_old/ROI_reset.py
simba_old/ROI_time_bin_calculator.py
simba_old/SimBA.py
simba_old/SimBA_dash_app.py
simba_old/Validate_model_one_video_run_clf.py
simba_old/__init__.py
simba_old/calculate_px_dist.py
simba_old/classifications_per_ROI.py
simba_old/clf_validator.py
simba_old/concatenator_pop_up.py
simba_old/create_clf_log.py
simba_old/create_project_select_datatype.py
simba_old/dash_app.py
simba_old/data_plotter.py
simba_old/deepethogram_importer.py
simba_old/distance_plotter.py
simba_old/distance_plotter_mp.py
simba_old/dlc_multi_animal_importer.py
simba_old/drop_bp_cords.py
simba_old/enums.py
simba_old/ethovision_import.py
simba_old/extract_frames_fast.py
simba_old/extract_seqframes.py
simba_old/ez_lineplot.py
simba_old/fit_model_cpu.py
simba_old/frame_mergerer_ffmpeg.py
simba_old/gantt_creator.py
simba_old/gantt_creator_mp.py
simba_old/get_coordinates_tools_v2.py
simba_old/heat_mapper_clf.py
simba_old/heat_mapper_clf_mp.py
simba_old/heat_mapper_location.py
simba_old/heat_mapper_location_mp.py
simba_old/import_mars.py
simba_old/import_trk.py
simba_old/import_videos_csv_project_ini.py
simba_old/interpolate_pose.py
simba_old/interpolate_smooth_post_hoc.py
simba_old/labelling_advanced_interface.py
simba_old/labelling_aggression.py
simba_old/labelling_interface.py
simba_old/machine_model_settings_pop_up.py
simba_old/misc_tools.py
simba_old/misc_visualizations.py
simba_old/movement_processor.py
simba_old/multi_cropper.py
simba_old/path_plotter.py
simba_old/path_plotter_mp.py
simba_old/play_annotation_video.py
simba_old/plot_pose_in_dir.py
simba_old/plotly_create_h5.py
simba_old/pop_up_classes.py
simba_old/pose_import_initiators.py
simba_old/pose_reset.py
simba_old/probability_graph_interactive.py
simba_old/probability_plot_creator.py
simba_old/probability_plot_creator_mp.py
simba_old/process_severity.py
simba_old/project_config_creator.py
simba_old/project_import_tools.py
simba_old/pup_retrieval_protocol.py
simba_old/pybursts.py
simba_old/read_DANNCE_mat.py
simba_old/read_config_unit_tests.py
simba_old/remove_keypoints_in_pose.py
simba_old/reorganize_keypoint_in_pose.py
simba_old/reverse_2_animal_tracking.py
simba_old/reverse_tracking_order.py
simba_old/reverse_tracking_order_new.py
simba_old/run_dash_tkinter.py
simba_old/run_model_new.py
simba_old/rw_dfs.py
simba_old/set_hyperparameters.py
simba_old/setting_menu.py
simba_old/severity_processor.py
simba_old/shap_agg_stats_visualizer.py
simba_old/sleap_csv_importer.py
simba_old/sleap_import_new.py
simba_old/sleap_importer.py
simba_old/solomon_importer.py
simba_old/temp.py
simba_old/timebins_clf_analyzer.py
simba_old/timebins_movement_analyzer.py
simba_old/tkinter_functions.py
simba_old/train_model_functions.py
simba_old/train_mutiple_models_from_meta_new.py
simba_old/train_single_model.py
simba_old/trk_importer.py
simba_old/user_pose_config_creator.py
simba_old/validate_model_on_single_video.py
simba_old/video_info_table.py
simba_old/video_processing.py
simba_old/warnings.py
simba_old/batch_process_videos/__init__.py
simba_old/batch_process_videos/batch_process_create_ffmpeg_commands.py
simba_old/batch_process_videos/batch_process_menus.py
simba_old/cue_light_tools/__init__.py
simba_old/cue_light_tools/cue_light_analyzer.py
simba_old/cue_light_tools/cue_light_clf_statistics.py
simba_old/cue_light_tools/cue_light_menues.py
simba_old/cue_light_tools/cue_light_movement_statistics.py
simba_old/cue_light_tools/cue_light_tools.py
simba_old/cue_light_tools/cue_light_visualizer.py
simba_old/features_scripts/__init__.py
simba_old/features_scripts/extract_features_14bp_from_16bp.py
simba_old/features_scripts/extract_features_16bp-8-more.py
simba_old/features_scripts/extract_features_9bp.py
simba_old/features_scripts/feature_extractor_14bp.py
simba_old/features_scripts/feature_extractor_16bp.py
simba_old/features_scripts/feature_extractor_4bp.py
simba_old/features_scripts/feature_extractor_7bp.py
simba_old/features_scripts/feature_extractor_8bp.py
simba_old/features_scripts/feature_extractor_8bps_2_animals.py
simba_old/features_scripts/feature_extractor_user_defined.py
simba_old/features_scripts/unit_tests.py
simba_old/outlier_scripts/__init__.py
simba_old/outlier_scripts/outlier_corrector_location.py
simba_old/outlier_scripts/outlier_corrector_movement.py
simba_old/outlier_scripts/skip_outlier_correction.py
simba_old/roi_tools/ROI_define.py
simba_old/roi_tools/ROI_image.py
simba_old/roi_tools/ROI_menus.py
simba_old/roi_tools/ROI_move_shape.py
simba_old/roi_tools/ROI_multiply.py
simba_old/roi_tools/ROI_reset.py
simba_old/roi_tools/ROI_size_calculations.py
simba_old/roi_tools/ROI_zoom.py
simba_old/roi_tools/__init__.py
simba_old/sklearn_plot_scripts/__init__.py
simba_old/sklearn_plot_scripts/plot_clf_results.py
simba_old/sklearn_plot_scripts/plot_clf_results_mp.py